Hey,
guys,
welcome back.
So in this video,
we're going to discuss one way of interacting with users in xlv B A,
which is using message boxes.
So we've actually been using message boxes since the start of the course,
however,
would been using them in their simplest form,
having on Lee a prompt or a main message.
And the problem is basically this message here that appears in the middle of the message
box.
So we've been using it in its simplest form.
We haven't explained how to use all its features and how to customize it,
to suit urinates and to have a fully customizable message box.
So this is what we're going to discuss in this video and in the upcoming couple videos as
well.
Okay,
so let's quickly go over the anatomy of a message box so a message box will usually contain
a title and a prompt.
And some buttons and parts of the buttons actually are your signs as well.
So you have some signs years,
which is the VB critical sign The exclamation signed the question mark sign or the question
VB question sign and the VB information science.
This is actually part of the buttons argument.
So let's discuss the syntax of a message box.
All the message boxes a function and it actually takes five arguments or five inputs.
But we're only discussing the 1st 3 because the loss to are actually obsolete.
They are not working on Excel versions after 2003.
So well,
not gonna bother with them.
So the first input is basically the prompt,
and the prompt is the main message that you need to display in the message box.
This is the prompt.
And this is what we've been using since the start of the course.
This is the only feature of the message box that we've been using the main message.
So this is the only input.
The is mandatory that you need to input on the message box.
So all the other inputs are actually optional.
There's also the buttons,
and the buttons are basically these buttons here that can be displayed on a message box.
By default,
it will have an O.
K.
Button,
but you can also have an abort,
retry and ignore button.
You can have OK and cancel.
You can have yes and no,
you can also have yes,
no,
and cancel is well,
so you can have different configurations are buttons and also on the buttons argument.
You can control the sign,
and we will see how to do that as well.
There is also the title argument,
which basically controls the title on the message box.
This is the title here.
You can put any title that you would like.
So here,
for example,
in this message box the prompter,
the main message says,
Let's go shopping So the title is shopping.
The title should normally be related to the main message,
but you can put any title that you want in any main message that you want as well.
OK,
guys.
So this was a quick introduction about message boxes in the upcoming videos.
We're going to dig deeper into message boxes,
so thanks for watching.
I'll see on the next video.